Picky cdcl implementation (#600)
usi-verification-and-security/opensmt: README.md

```
It is also possible to run OpenSMT without any arguments, in which case it reads the input from the standard input.

### Other engines

> OpenSMT supports multiple SMT solving approaches. By the default it uses the approach described in the CoreSMTSolver. But it can also utilize 
> Lookahead or Picky CDCL. Those engines can be enabled by using following config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSMT supports multiple SMT solving approaches. By the default it uses CDCL(T) with VSDIS decision heuristic. But it can also utilize (picky) Lookahead. Those engines can be enabled by using following config:
```

Also, add the option for setting the picky width.
